I went to the Bank of Canada Museum today and it was so cool. They game-ified the whole experience and let you create an avatar that you take with you throughout your whole experience. I learned a lot about currency and how the economy works. I spent about an hour or so at the museum and went to almost every interactive screen and game there. 

One of my favourite parts was the inflation/deflation game where you fly your spaceship through a series of checkpoints to maintain the current valuation and inflation rate of 2%. You have a joystick, 6 boost opportunities and you're being timed. The best I placed was 7th.

What I found most relevant to my MRP were the digital images of coins they had available on their visual interfaces. I was able to zoom in and for the most part see the details of the coins/objects. However, there was a lack of depth and contrast in some of the images which when zooming made some of the photos become blurry. These are all things that I will have to consider when I do my RTI work with my coins.

The museum also reminded me of how much creativity and game-ification helps breathe life back into fields and research that might be considered dry or "text-heavy" to audiences/researchers. So I'm hoping that with my project I'll be able to ask provactive questions and create relationships between the text and images concisely and creatively. Perhaps linking out to videos or other resources to enhance the optics and convey the information in an entertaining way.
